---
layout: about
title: About
---

Born an raised in Switzerland, I've had the chance to be in close contact with nature and its wonders since early on. I still highly enjoy outdoor activities like mountain biking, hiking or trail running and aim to keep living in a place where forests can be found at a stone's throw. I grew up in a room filled with Lego and Meccano pieces passed on by my older siblings. I was the most attentive audience to my dad's lectures about Biology, Chemistry and Physics, fields he himself got good knowledge of during his studies in medical school. Funnily enough, my studies brought me to work on topics considered as science fiction in his time. As a kid of the late 20th century, I followed closely the advent of computers and information technology and I've been curious about the applications of new technologies in everyday's life. In sum, I've had a perfect start for a career as an engineer some would say! 

I graduated from the Gymnasium (swiss high school) of Nyon in 2015 and started studying architecture in EPFL that same year. Since my high school specialization was Maths and Physics and that I've always enjoyed drawing, I was seduced by the idea of merging engineering and art together. Even though I enjoyed some parts of the program, I didn't feel it was the right path for me and dropped out two months later. I joined a one semester program, heavy on Maths and Physics, proposed by EPFL to prepare myself for a new start. In September 2016, I joined the School of Life Sciences of EPFL for a [Bachelor in Life Sciences Engineering](https://www.epfl.ch/schools/sv/education/bachelor-in-life-sciences-engineering/) which I would complete three years later. Looking back, I'd say that the studies I chose touch something truely fundamental and help understanding the world surrounding us. This essential aspect is maybe what I was missing during my attempt as an architect. Based on my grades, I got offered the opportunity of studying abroad for the third year of the Bachelor along with a small grant. I decided to move to Lund (Sweden) where I had the chance to meet other exchange students from all over the world as well as some locals. I spent ten very exciting months filled by discoveries and I was happy to experience a slighty different educational approach as the one I knew until then. Once my Bachelor finalized, I wanted to go on discovering new environments so I decided to move to Zürich for my Master. Luckily, I found a fascinating program in [Computational Biology and Bioinformatics](https://cbb.ethz.ch/) which would allow me to deepen my knowledge in Computer Science while keeping a foot in Biology. Inspired by the strong student community I found in Sweden, I wished to help people around me having connection outside of the lecture hall and joined the committee of my Master in September 2020. I took over the [CCBB](https://vis.ethz.ch/en/about/committees/ccbb) presidency the following semester. In that leading position, I oversaw the organisation of social and carreer driven events, I took care of the budget and the coordination with other committees. I quit the committee and left the presidency in good hands at the end of my master, but stayed involved in an other student association built around the passion for bikes and cycling.

After I finished the project I started at [IBM Research](https://www.zurich.ibm.com/) Zürich (Cognitive Computing and Industry Solutions Department, Healthcare and Lifesciences Group), I started working for [OWT](https://www.owt.swiss/en/), a strategy and technology consulting firm, as a developer. I'm learning to be a meticulous software engineer and I hope one day I will have the chance to apply my skills for life sciences applications.

When I'm not typing on a keyboard, you might find me running, cycling or even sipping a beer around Zürich, Lausanne or Geneva.
